Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Stubbornness.
to come out of your comfort zone.
to break all rules.
to give your life a new direction
and sometimes being stubborn breaking
through all limits for the sake of love.
But there's one thing about stubbornness.
You never know
what tricky situation it can land you in.
Hey. my imported Tarzan!
Hey. my Mowgli!
I'll kiss you!
don't try and fight the bhalu!
Buddy. my bad to mess with a bear!
It's crazy getting involved
with these bears!
Was I out of my mind?
He was ready to make a meal out of me.
-Salute. sir!
-Thank you.
It's for the love of my life.
My baby. My jaan. My Deepika. My wife.
-Oh. buddy?
-A mirror?
-What's this?
-This is pancake.
My mother made this with all her heart
and given it to us like. "Take it. son."
So. guys. let's decide.
Bear Grylls says we can bring one
or the other of these.
The flare or the rope and grappling hook.
My destiny is in your hands.
So. guys. you have chosen
the grappling hook.
I think it'll come in handy
and I'll put it in the bag. Thank you.
On this journey.
we'll face major obstacles
freezing cold rivers. deadly predators
and challenging weather.
On this journey.
you. the viewers. will be deciding
what I do. and how I do it.
But with only 36 hours
to reach the evacuation point.
we're tight on time.
Buddy Bear. honestly. I have to do this.
Singh salutes the land of Serbia!
-Come on.
-This is great.
I've applied wolf poo to my forehead.
Oh. God.
Now. king of the jungle says.
I have two options.
either I go solo on the Tyrolean
or he would accompany me on a rappel.
My heart is pounding hard
so his company would ease my nerves.
I am scared to death of both options.
So now. you guys decide.
The choice is yours.
One slip up and Ranveer Singh is gone.
I'm shit scared and he's enjoying it.
Oh. he left me behind.
Big brother! All okay?
The most interesting thing is that he does
these adventurous things so casually.
You guys are sitting on the couch
with the remote.
Here. I am terrified.
As I look down.
I am scared out of my wits.
I am scared. What has he asked me to do?
If God is with you. none can harm you.
Yes?
At this juncture.
I will recite some poor verse.
I have a choice so let me say it…
your friend is hanging in the air…
Bear is in a hurry.
there's a deep trench beneath me.
one slip up and Ranveer is gone.
but we have to try to get that flower.
and. baby. I am going to try.
So. whoever chose this Tyrolean option.
I would like to tell you
that this was very difficult.
The tyrolean takes a lot of time.
You have to go at it without letting up.
But I needed even more time
since I was doing it for the first time.
We only have 36 hours
and 4 hours have already passed.
Don't just press the button but pray that
we reach that GPS as early as possible.
He is a survivor.
Whatever you say. he is a hero. Great guy.
We are stuck. man. Now you all decide.
Old-school navigation with Bear.
or go back and recover the GPS?
Please. press the button and save me.
We tried everything.
sweated hard and gave it our best.
Not for "GPS." but "GPL."
Now what? Big brother
will help us reach it. I have full faith.
I trust Bear!
Though the Tyrolean set us back.
hopefully Bear's old navigation trick
will get us back on track.
Hail. Bear!
Two brothers connected by a single rope.
Oh. brother…
this GPS battery dying
has created a lot of issues.
We can't afford to stop and take a break.
It's getting dark
and there are wolves nearby.
Come on. All is well.
Saying all is well is not enough.
There are only 28 hours left
and the dangers are many.
But I'll give it my all to get the flower.
How can a bear poop so much?
And how crazy is Bear?
He knows it's bear poop.
And Bear Grylls is so crazy that
he's sniffing this shit like it was gold!
Okay. guys. This bear is after my life.
We're short on time so decide quickly.
Either we play dead.
-or. give him an apple.
-We should move back. Move back.
…maybe it will distract him.
-Please decide fast.
-Hey.
-Stay.
-He is after my life.
Decide. please. guys. Press the button.
So guys. this was the end
of the day's play. end of day one.
I did what you commanded.
Even going forward.
you are going to decide
what your brother's gonna do.
Your finger on the button.
my focus on the flower.
Style. naturally.
Everything okay?
-Are all your parts safe?
-Absolutely. brother.
-Be careful.
-You look after me.
They are waiting for you. Hurry up!
Oh. wow. my Parsi Tom Cruise.
-Weight that rope.
-Did you see that?
This is what an action hero can do.
Oh. please. Just go.
-What happened? You got scared?
-Just shut up!
We haven't had anything for two days.
It's impossible to survive in the jungle
without eating anything.
We will have to eat whatever we find.
-is more in danger.
-Is the bait.
I think you should go and scare them.
They will be scared looking at you.
Dude. this is a wolf.
an actual one. not a dog.
-Just go. You're a hero. right?
-You're a lion. right?
You go first. You are a hero. Right?
You are a lion. right?
Why is the lion fearful of a wolf?
Yesterday you were a lion.
-Just go.
-So you have to decide.
should Ranveer steal and Karan scare?
Or will Ranveer scare and Karan steal?
This or that? Choose.
You choose it.
Dance away. O. you man
Just dance away. dance away
You fucker.
God.
Dude. you have come in
quite overconfident.
Lured by the Bear.
you are ready to do anything?
Oh. man.
Loads and loads of thanks to you.
Your correct decisions
have brought us here.
Film is not over yet.
We still haven't got the flower.
So. help us in the journey ahead as well.
Press the button
and save your brothers' lives.
You have found a great space. Mr. Broker.
Our humble abode.
In and out. To and fro.
-Opa.
-There we go.
They are like pus fritters.
So brother. the problem is that…
-Brother Bear is saying that…
-There's no other option.
…the meat is spoiled.
you can't eat the meat.
Now either it's pus fritters.
i.e.. maggots.
so would you feed me insects
or the testicles of a wild boar?
You are the one-and-only almighty.
You guys decide now.
We will do as you say.
-You are going. bro?
-Yeah. I am going.
We have much less time to finish
the actual purpose of this mission.
We just have a few hours.
We have to find the flower
at the earliest and reach the evac point.
If we get the flower but can't reach
the evac point. we will be stuck here.
And if we miss the flower.
the whole mission would be a failure.
Oh. man. this is no less than a trophy.
At this stage.
if we didn't have a grappling gun.
we would have been stuck here.
You have supported me at every point.
Every decision of yours has been right.
I have made it to here.
Just the last bit.
This is gonna be the most difficult.
"Jai Bajrang Bali."
Can you say that with me?
-Jai.
-Jai…
-Bajrang…
-Bali.
Jai Bajrang Bali.
-Jai Bajrang Bali.
-Yes. I've got this. man.
I was done.
I thought this would not work. no chance.
But somewhere. it came from somewhere.
It's all God's doing.
I want to really.
really thank you guys a lot.
Every decision of yours was right.
You got me here.
and somewhere around here. Bear says.
we will find Serbica Ramonda.
Baby. I told you earlier
and I am telling you now.
I guarantee you
that you won't find a lover like me.
And you all…
your love has given me
all the strength I needed.